Remove System Events (#16358)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventgrid/azure-eventgrid/CHANGELOG.md

  - `EventGridConsumer` is now renamed to `EventGridDeserializer`.
  - `decode_cloud_event` is renamed to `deserialize_cloud_events`.
  - `decode_eventgrid_event` is renamed to `deserialize_eventgrid_events`.

>   - `azure.eventgrid.models` namespace along with all the models in it is now removed. `SystemEventMappings` can be used to get the event mappping.

Reviewer: emmm, is it event model type mapping?
```suggestion
  - `azure.eventgrid.models` namespace along with all the models in it are now removed. `azure.eventgrid.SystemEventMappings` can be used to get the event model type mapping.
```
